We have talked about where to store huge data files
and what format the data might be in.
So let's take a look at how Spark Program looks.
The first component of each Spark Program is the SparkContext.
The SparkContext is the main entry point for
Spark functionality and connects the cluster with the application.
If we would like to use lower level abstractions,
we will create objects with SparkContext.
To create a SparkContext,
we first need a SparkConf object to specify
some information aboutnthe application
such as its name and the master's nodes IP address.
If we run Spark in local mode,
we can just put the string 'local' as master.
To read data frames, we need to use SparkContext,
Spark Sequel equivalent, the SparkSession.
Similarity to the SparkConf,
we can specify some parameters to create a SparkSession.
GetOrCreate for example, means that if you already have a SparkSession running,
instead of creating a new one,
the old one will be returned and
its parameters will be modified to the new configurations.